## What was your state today? Are you happy? I hope so. If you manage to make it this far you should be happy.
happy and excited as HELL

## What is state in React ?
State is an object in react which let the component re-render when state data changes.

## What is the difference between props and state in React ?
Props (Properties):

Props are short for "properties".
Props are read-only data that are passed from parent components to child components.
They are immutable, meaning that child components cannot modify the props they receive from their parent.

State:

State is an internal data storage mechanism for components.
State is mutable and can be changed over time, typically as a result of user interactions, network responses, or other side effects.
State is managed internally within a component and can be modified using the setState() method in class components or through state hooks in functional components.

## How do you access state in a React component ?

unctional Components with Hooks:

In functional components, you use the useState() hook to declare and access state variables.
useState() returns an array with the current state value and a function to update that state.

import React, { useState } from 'react';

function MyComponent() {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);

  return (
    <div>
      <p>Count: {count}</p>
    </div>
  );
}


## How do you set a set in a React component ?
import React, { useState } from 'react';

function MyComponent() {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);

  const handleClick = () => {
    // Update count in state
    setCount(count + 1);
  };

  return (
    <div>
      <p>Count: {count}</p>
      <button onClick={handleClick}>Increment</button>
    </div>
  );
}


